Goals discussion
* To empower students and give them a voice (most important)
* Transparency
* Sustainability
* Highlight bad actors within the department
* Provide the department with a barometer for student wellbeing
* Highlight areas for improvement in the IOB (including feedback on retreat, speakers, etc.)
* Prevent a need for escalation in demands (e.g. the social worker education strike going on now)
* guauge support for new initiatives
* Increase student engagement with IOB
* Provide more regular feedback on coursework and degree requirements
* Increase student contentedness
* Answer departmental questions about student satisfaction

Other notes
* Should we have a separate faculty survey? 
* We should give staff a heads up and ask for their feedback on our questions. They might have additional insights on what would be helpful. 
* Should we provide incentives of some sort? 
    * e.g. shirts or swag for those who complete the survey
    * disincentivize failure to participate (e.g. annual tshirt form also included with the GSSS to force you to do both if you want a shirt). This idea was mostly supported by Guppy. Others not a fan.
* Note: We should add a checkbox question to the survey so the students can help us determine what is the best way to disseminate
* Keep track of changes yr over yr and add a section to the report discussing question changes. It may be good to ensure a select subset are questions which do not change.
* Add volunteer options, outreach, etc? 
    * We may not want to. Could lead to lower turnout, and other surveys exist for this purpose. Lengthy as is!


Tasks moving forward
* Investigate survey options and organizational modes. 
* Dream up additional questions.
* Review/revise the existing questions from Microbiology
* Revise flow (if we stick to Qualtrics)
* At the end, reach out to staff for feedback and discuss incentives. We should wait until we have a draft.
* Send out finalized survey
* Produce a report of key results
* Schedule time to discuss with faculty. A few different options:
    * Book half a faculty meeting for this report (talk with Travis)
    * Book a full faculty meeting for the report (talk with Travis)
    * Replace a seminar speaker slot with discussion of the report with faculty and students
        - concerns raised around people feeling pressured to not speak
        - concerns around faculty being unsupportive and discouraging future participation (e.g. retreat discussion eventually led to condescending/dismissive remarks)
* Send out report to all IOB members.
